Honor Code Agreement
Here at Coding Dojo, we value and protect our community. We want to ensure that we are providing a safe and supportive environment for everyone. To achieve this, we ask that all incoming students read, understand, and agree to our Honor Code.

Respect all stakeholders of Coding Dojo. This includes upholding the rights of all students, visitors, and staff, regardless of age, race, color, national or ethnic origin, marital status, political opinion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, disability, religion, or socio-economic status. Any discrimination against another will not be tolerated. Consequences may range from a formal warning to expulsion, depending on the specifics of the particular offense.
Coding Dojo has a zero tolerance policy towards plagiarism. We define plagiarism as taking code written by someone else and submitting it as one’s own work for the same purpose as the code was intended. For example, if a student is working on an assignment, it would be plagiarism to find the same assignment completed by someone else, whether on the Internet or from a cohort mate, and then submit that work as his or her own. On the other hand, using snippets of code, such as those found on Stack Overflow or given by the technology’s official documentation, is not considered plagiarism. Coding Dojo does not consider this plagiarism since the student is responsible for understanding how the code works and modifying it to fit his or her needs. If, at any time, a student’s exam is found to contain plagiarized code, any belt awarded for that stack will be revoked and the student will face expulsion from the program.
Throughout the entirety of the bootcamp, students may not give or receive assistance about the belt exams. Students may not help each other nor communicate with anyone online about the exams. Students may not study from or in any way use code written by someone else for a belt exam. During the exam, students may refer to their own code they’ve written beforehand and may search online - for example, it is encouraged to use the different technologies’ documentation. The exams are a measure of a student’s self-sufficiency as a developer. Researching problems and debugging are skills that developers value; finding pre-existing code that already solved the problem and copy-pasting are not.
 I agree and will comply with the Coding Dojo Honor Code.
 I understand that failure to comply with the Coding Dojo Honor Code may lead into disciplinary actions (without prior warning) which may include belts being revoked and expulsion from the program.
Discussion

Kevin Thomas Stradtman